hello people on youtube here jr max e
emme and this time or bringing 11 boxes
It's not a box, it's more, it 's just a presentation.
to the box that arrived here
They are memories of patriot and I here as
arrived to meet in Cape arrived yesterday
that
are two modules of two modules of
four mega plays you base
the prosecutor there
I can look packed
looks
are 1 bentes
that 12,800 of 1,700 1,600 megahertz
they are very well done, said
Padrone is the brand logo that is
for what she did is named the
patriots why are the movements are
the only ones that the only factory here was going
manufacturing the memories in the states
united are patriotic memories or
then presidential conditions name
we not only made in china
hsa memory manufacture sims in 1985
sometimes he who has here has a memory
American
published in the United States is
published memory united states
the fabled United States since 1985
so that she has the
name the patriots good
open a package that
for him only once live like time but
the problem
right
Those
if aluminum is not only the
good because of the generation but also
because of you but do not handle the
memories
you can not sing
has blood
ae
you handle them too if you do not
picks up an electronic component handle
names in the memory types of the
to fit in
It's good for you to take away.
there is not a very good generation, not winter
more protection even the chips
memory
Good, this is not a good idea.
test but maybe when I went when
Is there a motherboard with these
memories I do a windows test
even those of performance
maybe the post and then this video to
post result in Romanian in description
The video is but if you liked the video
click like
add favorite sign in
channel to receive another 20 very early
Thank you and see you